# AutomaticClassRegisterPython
# Description:
Another go at a better and more reliable class register.
The script uses Selenium to autonomously navigate through the pages and enter data.

Technlogies Used:
  - Python 3.5+ (this may work with other variants of Python 3 but no guarantees for Python 2)
  - Selenium Python Wrapper

Currently supported browsers:
  - PhantomJS             (Default)
  - Chrome
  - Mozilla Firefox       (Geckodriver does not implicitly wait for document.readyState upon element clicks)

I have not tested other browsers; however, all Selenium supported browsers should be supported by the script with minor modifications.

# Installation:
  1. Either download the zip folder of this repository or run `$ git clone https://github.com/fredzqm/AutomaticClassRegisterPython.git`
  2. Navigate to the root of this project directory.
  3. Run the following command: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
     - This will install `Selenium for Python` for you.

# How to Use:
  1. Edit the `data.txt` file. Any text surrounded by `**` should be deleted and replaced with valid data. The time after `start` will determine when the script starts to refreshing the site. **Make sure it is before your registeration date.**
  2. Navigate to where `autoRegister.py`.
  4. Execute `python autoRegister.py -d <data.txt> -b <optional: browser name>` in the src folder
     - Current browser names: `phantom`, `chrome`, and `firefox`. The script does not care about casing.
     - **Warning:** PhantomJS is a headless browser with no visual feedback. Check the `confirmation.jpg` file to ensure if you have successfully registered. For those paranoid, I suggest staying away from the headless browser default.
  5. The script will execute and navigate to the registration page. If it is not yet 7:28 AM, the script will print the current time. If it is pass 7:28 AM, it will constantly refresh the page until registration is ready. Then, it will fill out the fields and submit. While it is waiting, there will be screenshot taken called `waitingPage.jpg` saved in the `img` directory located at the root of this directory.
  6. Once completed, a screenshot will be taken and saved in the an `img` directory located at the root of the directory as `confirmation.jpg`. The browser will then close.
  7. **Note:** There will be logs generated by the drivers. These logs are located in the `logs` directory located at the root of project directory. They are named according to the browser used.
